So now that we're able to listen to changes in the attributes we of course can also adjust the content
we display in our tooltip text does is something we were not able to do before.
Well now we can.
Now let's keep in mind Dead show tooltip is responsible for showing some text here and we do actually
show the tooltip text the tooltip text on the other hand is a property which we set in a connected callback.
So now all we have to do is we have to update the tooltip text here when our attribute changes.
So I will first of all check if the old value is equal to the new value because that means it's kind
of triggered.
But maybe you entered a new value but it is exactly equal to the old value.
And in this case I'll just return I'll not execute any other code because I don't want to waste any
performance here.
I don't want to run any error code that would be redundant here because if the new value is equal to
the old value there is nothing that could have changed if this is not equal we'll make it into the next
step because now something changed and we want to update this.
And then here I'll check if the name of the attribute is equal to text.
We simply have to add our own logic here.
We have to be aware of which attributes could be changing and which matter for us and what do we want
to do when they change.
So here I know if the text attributes changed and yes we are only listening to changes in the text attribute
here but we could have more attributes we're listening to.
So it's a good practice to check this and if we know OK the text attribute changed then I know I want
to set my tooltip text here equal to the new value and of course logic you add here depends on what
your attribute does and what a change to it means for you.
You could also be required to add a new element to the shadow Dom here here.
I just need to change my tool to text because with that changed if I reload as a second time here I'd
see my default text of course and now I can add this as the adjusted text here and if I hit enter and
I hover over this question mark again we see the adjusted text here too because in our web component
we simply adjust our tool to text here when this text attribute changes.